Okay.
So let's move with the hip approach of the knapsack problem.
So this thing offered a number of subjects and problem to what was happening in the subjects and problem
of addressing that element or not bigoted element.
It's in this problem a very similar problem to the substitution problem, because in this also we want
to particular subset of the values that I have.
The how can I pick up a subset of the values that I have, all the values of two options and that will
come in the knapsack or they'll not come in an absolute right.
So let me make a steward, which is.
F coma f off.
It's a XCOM away which says let's get back to the problem months.
Yeah.
The total maximum value.
The mix.
Value.
From the best choice.
Right?
So what we'll say is the max value.
Okay.
Let me write it like this a.
X basically the suffix of the.
Items you can already prefix.
It doesn't matter.
I'm taking suffix here for the max value from the suffix of the items instead of eliminate items.
And we're.
The NAB said gap asset is why it didn't nab sick episodes.
Eight.
So isn't this becoming a very easy problem?
What I have to do is I have to this ExxonMobil will return me the maximum value from some particular
items.
Right now, it is this suffix of all the item because we will be moving backwards.
Or we can also see the prefix of items with an absolute capacities by right.
So with the vocabulary, I want to pick up those items.
But what can I do?
Initially.
Let me quickly write this test case here as well.
We have 45 and we have
18243018430.
252382523.
So this is the size and this is the value and this is the total value of the knapsack and the debt element.
Eight.
But just think about it.
Let's say right now I'm on the end element.
Basically, I'm just saying, tell me, what is the value of F off?
Five.
Because five is the last really rate.
Basically what is the value of five comma this foot eight?
What does this mean?
At the capacity of the bag is four and model elements do I have I have.
Elements from buying to five, eight, basically from the first and next to the fifth index.
Eight.
Five elements from fostering next to fit for the next anime were the value of a perfect five Goma foot.
So what will be the value of five Goma for the thing offered in this absurd sum problem?
I have two options for this fifth element because whenever we are creating some subject upsets always
have two options, right?
And that there will be in this absurd or they will not be in the subject.
So let's see if the fifth element is.
Okay.
Let's say the fifth element is included in this upset.
Next included because it's a01 knapsack right at it.
I include it or I'll exclude it if it is included or predicts excluded.
If I include the groups element in my subset in my knapsack, then what's the condition that's there?
The condition is very simple that this size of the fifth element should be less than the value of the
knapsack that I have.
So basically.
It can only be included in my knapsack if.
Let me write it quickly.
Size of five is less than equal to.
Y, which is four.
So as we can see, how is it possible that means I can included in my knapsack.
So let's including men upset if I'm including a fifth in Minneapolis, then what I want from the other
four items.
What I want from the other four items.
Tell me, what is the maximum value?
From the other four elements.
Right.
And what will be the new value of my knapsack?
Because I've included the last item in my epic.
So the new value in many obstacles for minus two because I've already included it to the NAB six capacity
will reduce and the NAB six capacity will be four minus two plus.
What is a value that I'll get by including the last element?
It is.
I hope you are getting this because of Bible study because what does this African this have been written
that if.
This ability evolution, the maximum value rate.
So we have to maintain the maximum value.
So the maximum value of five gamma four can be either five will be included in my subset if all will
not be included.
If it is included, it is f of or gamma four minus two because the knapsack will reduce.
I picked up a size, I picked up an item and the remaining elements are four and plus three because
of the value.
Right.
And if it is excluded in my set, then what will be the value?
Here it is four comma four.
That means I'm not including the fifth element.
Or tell me what is the best answer from four gamma four and not add anything because I've excluded it
from my set i.
Now again, what will happen?
Now.
Right now we are on the false index.
That means on the fourth item, that means on this item.
If I am on the item, whose side is two and.
Values fail.
Then what I can do is and that I can included, I excluded.
So if I included the my answer will be simple.
And me was the best that you can pick from three.
From the remaining three items and.
What the new value of the knapsack.
So here it was two and I picked up an element of size two.
Only then the value of my knapsack will be zero eight and plus five, because that's what I'm picking
up.
If I don't pick it up, that means it will be simple three comma foot by three over four.
Because tell me if I'm not picking you up, tell me what the best answer from the remaining three elements
and.
But not for the remaining three elements and in their basic values to.
And now again, the scene will be repeated for ever for Goma, that is include the four day limited
to exclude the fourth element.
If I include the fourth element with regard to less, I think there are two means three index minus
one two because NEP six has been reduced because I'm including it and the next one will be f of three
comma four.
Only because.
So you can see one thing is that.
What does this represent?
This represents the maximum value of the knapsack, if I've included.
The fifth element that means included and included.
This represents the value if I've included the fifth element, but excluded the fourth element, this
represents the value.
If I've excluded the fifth element and included the fourth element, and this represents the value in
which I have excluded both the last two element.
Eight.
So now, guys, this thing, this particular tree can go on forever.
Not forever.
It can go until in zero eight.
What I mean is, again, it can be 1 to 2 by trade.
Included are element or not include the same included.
Third element are exclude included, excluding Laura exclude and so on.
But if I want to generalize it, what I can say is that f of x comma y is nothing but includes the x
element.
Include X element.
Only if size of x which is let me right size of x should be less than equal to what they generally include
in there.
If knapsack doesn't have that capacity to include that element and I not included it, even including
it, I'll simply ask what the remaining x minus one elements.
Tell me what the.
Maximum value that you can get if this are the size of my knapsack has been reduced to VI minus ISOFIX.
Correct.
Second is if I'm excluding it.
So if I'm excluding it, tell me what's the maximum value that I can get from the remaining x minus
one element?
But the knapsack remains the same because I'm excluding it.
This is my recursive relation that I'll get in the in the knapsack problem.
And we have two options, right?
So what we want to do is we want to pick up the maximum amount two.
So what we'll do is we'll say maximum of.
These two.
So I hope this is very clear now because this can easily be coded using recursion also in.
But I know it's a purely recursive solution.
Right?
But if I want.
If I want to memorize it, I can also memorize it.
Memorization is the ultimate key.
We all know dynamic programming is nothing but memorization.
This is recursion, pure recursion.
And if I want to memorize it, what all states I have.
Well, in in F of x going away.
So X will start from no one late or it cannot go till zero because neither will the base case.
So basically x is between zero and in and y's between.
Zero and we will never let VI go below zero rate because the negative value of a knapsack doesn't make
sense.
So it is also 2000, which is as low and is also 2000 as is also 2000.
So how many unique dates are possible here?
Unique states that are possible at 2002 2000.
But this is the complexity of my solution, which is and endures.
So in off and endures, we can find out the best answer if we memorize it.
If we don't memorize it, then you can easily realize that this trivial you know it is due to the two
days to the power and in the leaf, not the day, but it will be two days to the power.
2000, which is I don't know.
I don't I don't know.
It is too huge.
8 to 2 days to go to Thailand.
It will be.
But if you memorize it, then the then you can you will easily see that there are some states which
are repeating them, which are repeating themselves.
So if they are repeating themselves, will simply written back and not calculated.
So will save a lot by memorization.
So in the next lecture will simply call it very easy to go.
You can also try it yourself.
And in the next part.
Thank you.